[Music] Hi friends and friends of the channel, what a bombshell we just
received okay, this news has just been announced
exclusively by Beatriz Cortazar to whom we
send a warm greeting, not
responding to the mentions
that she was making to us these days
on Federico's program from here a
big hug and well, very good, very
good the exclusive that she just broke and it is
that the daughter of Rocío Carrasco Rocío
Flores had allegedly sued a few
months ago for criminal matters for criminal matters
which is not a civil suit but
watch out because here they are asking for jail time for those
responsible for the television factory in
court number 38 of Madrid for having been
talking about the conviction of Rocío
Flores when she was a minor okay
we have already said it on many occasions you
cannot talk about
the sentence of minors minors
do not have a criminal record they do not
exist today no you know who
save me and the television factory ignores
everything ignores everything
okay it does not matter to her because when they
file a lawsuit against her for the  civil right to
honor privacy or whatever they are
simply sentenced to a
monetary amount that they ignore
not to speak in a
bad way and the fact is that the advertisements are worth
the advertising blocks of these
programs make a lot of money you don't know
how much so these people prefer to be
sued, that is to say the biggest nonsense
and release the biggest information
and then they go
bullfighting with lawyers and when they are
sentenced after years, well, the
monetary amounts that
mean absolutely nothing to them and then
when they exceed these limits,
well, they find themselves with criminal problems, we
already know that Chayo Mohedano
has also gone to the criminal court
and I think that it is a more or less
similar lawsuit, I think that it is a complaint if it
is not for the same alleged crime it is something more
or less in the style of
Rocío Floreado for the criminal court against the
television factory and the judge has admitted
this complaint for processing and has cited it,
okay, we do not know on what date but in
theory it could surely happen after the
summer okay, just as those
from the
TV factory are going to have to
sit down and Adrian Madrid and Oscar
Cornejo are going to have to testify for allegedly
infringing on privacy. Ok,
revelation of secrets against Rocio
Flores. We have already announced this morning
that the lawsuit will also be filed under criminal law. The
complaint filed with Vanitatis has been
provisionally filed, although it has already been
appealed because the judge
has increased that he does not see the
serious impact on Rocio Flores that this leads to
sentences that are in prison. Okay, we are
talking between 1 and 5 years in prison.
So of course, when this is handled under
criminal law, it is required that there be
proof of both a
mental and psychological impact,
a serious impact in order for there to be a
conviction. In addition, they argue that, well, in
people of great relevance and that
this issue was already being discussed in
the gossip journalism sector. I do
n't know what will happen with this complaint,
honestly, I have no idea, but hopefully it
has results, okay, and it is added to the
result of the one against Chayo Mohedano.
The truth is that there has to be something
to make these people stop, okay, a good
slap on the wrist that doesn't only involve
financial amounts.  We already see that this
doesn't hurt these people, I hope
this comes to a good end.
I think Rocío Flores should go
more for the civil route. The thing is, of
course, she has to exhaust the criminal route first and
then go for the civil route. Not
try the civil route. Yes, the criminal route does
n't work. Let's remember that
both the vanity thing and this, if
the criminal route doesn't work out for her, she
still has the possibility of
going to the civil route, which would be a lot. It
's likely that she would win compensation.
Okay, because let's remember that with these
girls, a girl is talked about as
little, but she's a 25-year-old girl,
but since she's been marked for life,
okay, I mean, they've talked about those
antecedents as if they happened
last weekend and they mark her
completely for life for any
job or for anything she wants to
be in the future. Okay,
precisely the day before yesterday I was watching
Salvame and they were announcing that during
the afternoon they were going to talk about a famous person who
had body odor problems.
Guys, do
you believe it? Do you believe that this is
news? Please, it's crossing
any line of honor,
privacy.  and the privacy of
any person is not
acceptable, I hope someone gives him a
slap on the wrist, I really mean it, well
for now the complaint has been admitted
for processing, for now the judge has summoned
those most responsible to the bench to
testify, so well, let's see
what happens with this, happy to
inform you and a big hug to everyone
[Music]